The Joe Rogan experience. You're going to need fat. If you don't,
you're going to get fatigued, let's get, it'll start with you.
And that's one of the reasons why I got really into tallow and really started
eating a lot of bacon and things.
Like,
why do you think there's such like a national misconception that fat's bad for
your body? Cause I hear that from a lot of people, like, I don't want to eat it.
It's fat.
Oh, they were told that for the longest time they were well, first of all,
there's real evidence that sugar and,
and these companies that made sugar,
paid scientists to with data,
to put heart disease and all these, uh,
problems that people are having with clogged arteries to push that off on
saturated fat. And to take that away from,
from sugar and sugar, sugar is terrible for you.
Sugar in that form is so unnatural that in the form of meat
is very natural.
It's what human beings have been eating since the beginning of time. Yeah.
Monounsaturated.
Polyunsaturated, saturated fats, all pretty good for you.
Just like stay away from trans fat. Well.
Unsaturated fats that come from vegetable oils,
like I think it's called linoleic acid is terrible for you.
Not only is it terrible for you, there's real evidence that it makes you hungry.
That like you're, you're eating it and there's no nutrients in it.
So your body gets hungrier. Look throughout human history.
There's never been a time until recently where people got oils
directly from plants in large quantities like that. You know,
if you got oil from plants, it was like oil from avocados, like natural,
or you got your oil from, you know, beef, fat or chicken fat or things.
That's natural for human beings, right? These saturated fats that are natural,
um, your body knows what to do with them.
Your body does know what the to do with.
Canola oil. No, it, it,
your body's like what the is your body gets.
A hold of like some raw honey, your body knows exactly what to do with it,
but your body gets a hold of like corn syrup and that kind of. It's like,
what is this? It just doesn't make sense to your body.
And I think we've gotten into this processed food thing and processed
food is almost entirely like if you,
if you it's, first of all, it's a human,
it's a new human creation and it's, uh, it's,
it should never be your first choice. Your first choice should be natural foods.
And your first choice should be, look, apple steak,
all that that's normal. You can eat that. That's easy.
Your body knows what the to do with that. But you know,
you get into like seed oils and all these like really heavily processed seed
oils.
Like there's real evidence that that is a giant part of what's wrong with the
health of Americans today is these ultra processed vegetable oils.
They're terrible for you, but it.
It doesn't seem to me like that's a stretch in logic, right?
So for just the American diet in general,
for us to look at the traditional food pyramid and say, well, that's.
Ultimately, you know, if grains and ultimate in foods,
sit at the cornerstone of your entire diet,
you're going to have some issues you can kind of look around and you don't even
have to be a rocket surgeon to figure that out, right? It's like, holy.
Obesity is an epidemic in the United States.
We're eating a ton of processed food and all the guys that I know that are
healthy or eating whole foods for the most part.
And it's not because you have more discipline or because you have more access or
wealth.
I know a ton of guys that are not very wealthy that eat whole foods and they're
feeding and certain windows,
and they're still in the military still doing incredibly difficult missions.
And they're really healthy. So when I look around, I say, well, okay,
if you stick to whole foods and you limit your amount of caloric intake,
we're not dealing in a high, you know,
high intellect thought process here. It should be pretty easy.
But I think what people want is they want their easy button right there.
Like see.
Jack in the box, you pull in and you get a burger. You're like, oh,
now I feel better. But meanwhile,
you just forced some into your system and your system's got to burn off all this
that you poured in there.
But there's even foods that people think are healthy that are not really good
for you. Like for instance, white rice is better than brown rice. Yes.
Like people think of white rice, like, oh,
I'll have brown rice and being healthy.
So brown rice, it's gotta be one of the biggest misconceptions out there.
That stuff. There's arsenic in that. But it's brown. Yeah.
It's not like grains,
but this is terrible for you. Like there's.
A reason why Asian cultures for a long time have been getting rid of that,
outside that husk God, the Japanese.
Got it right with food. I'm telling you the sushi,
white rice seaweed all day.
Yeah. Well, there's a lot of countries that figured it out.
We're just not one of them. We're like ultra processed seed oils,
sugar, corn syrup, preservatives,
gallons of preservatives, glyphosate on all our plants. Yeah.
There's also evidence that like animals and I've been getting into this,
the animals that eat, uh, these, uh, ultra processed foods,
then you eat them like animals that eat like ultra processed corn.
And then you eat that animal.
Like you're getting some of the from the corn and some of the from that,
all these seed oil acids, you're getting these things in your body too. But.
That, that makes sense to me.
It makes complete sense to me when we look at what they're eating
and then you're eating them, for sure, like,
there's really done a direct or you're not stretching and connecting a lot of
complex thought there in the sense of when people are trying to sell me on the
idea, like, no, it's great. Don't worry about it. It's like, no, man,
like those chickens are eating our snack and they're packed in, you know,
right on top of each other, on each other everywhere.
Like I'd rather have a free, free range egg. You'd rather have that.
I'd rather have free range chicken. It's no offense to however you to eat,
but it's just a preference of eating. It's pretty easy. I think that the,
the argument comes from maybe corporate impact in
marketing where they'll just Americans will consume it without
thinking and go, well,
it's good because Jack in the box told me that it's organic. If there's any.
One thing in this country where there's a massive
lack of understanding in terms of like the, the,
the way people perceive what's good and what's bad.
It's nutrition because there's so few doctors that really know what the they're
talking about. There's doctors out there that will tell you,
you don't need supplements. You don't need supplements. You need a healthy,
balanced diet. Right. And then you look at them, they got a gut.
They look bloated. They look like they're dying.
Episodes of the Joe Rogan experience are now free on Spotify. That's right.
They're free from September 1st in December 1st,
they're going to be available everywhere. But after December 1st,
they will only be available on Spotify, but they will be free.
That includes the video. The video will also be there. It'll also be free.
That's all we're asking. Just go download Spotify much. Buh-bye.